Thermally perfect gas as an `AbstractEquationOfState` (#3079)
trixi-framework/Trixi.jl: NEWS.md

This is required for nonideal equations of state, where one cannot explicitly solve for temperature given two other thermodynamic variables.
The new function `temperature_given_Vp` computes temperature given the specific volume `V` and pressure `p` using Newton's method,
analogous to the existing `temperature` function for `AbstractEquationOfState` which takes in `V` and specific internal energy `e_internal` ([#3093]).

> - To resemble a calorially imperfect, but thermally perfect gas, a new equation of state `ThermallyPerfectGas9PolyFit` has been added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To model a calorically imperfect but thermally perfect gas, a new equation of state `ThermallyPerfectGas9PolyFit` has been added.
```
